Look, business is about to change
forever all thanks to AI. But if your
business is chaotic, reactive, and
dependent on you to function, adding AI
will not fix it. It will just automate
your problems. Meaning people who are
using it in the wrong way aren't ready
for the next phase of business, which
will only elevate the businesses that
have their [music] foundations
optimized. And look, I know this because
I spend every single day working with
six, seven, and 8 figureure
entrepreneurs to systemize their
business so that it's scalable and can
run without them. So, in this video, I'm
going to show you how to prepare
yourself for the next phase of business
and what the single most important thing
you can build right now [music] is so
that AI actually grows your business.
But first, if you want to use AI to make
business easier and to scale faster, you
need to understand one thing. What AI is
actually good at and what it's
absolutely [__] at. So, think of a
hyperefficient junior hire, right? Those
that type of employee is amazing at
taking instructions, right? there.
They're great at cleaning things up,
organizing information, editing things,
and maybe even some, you know, basic
data analysis. But you would never get
them to create your business strategy,
create your marketing strategy, work on
product development, make big decisions
or anything like that because [music]
that is highlevel important work for the
likes of managers and you the business
owner. Well, AI is like that
hyperefficient junior hire. It is great
at working with what already exists. So
whether that is in editing or analysis
or organization, but it is absolutely
bloody shocking at coming up with new
and unique ideas because the reason this
is is because everything it does
converges to the [music] mean, the
average of what it's trained on. So it's
terrible at anything important or that
requires differentiation and creativity,
which means the vast majority of
business owners are using it the wrong
way and it's going to ruin your
business, not help it. So let me give
you an example, right? This will really
drive this home. Most business owners,
you know, jump into chat GBT or Claude
or whatever AI you use and ask it to
please come up with my marketing
strategy, make no mistakes or write a
piece of content around my product which
will make people want to buy. So what
happens is the AI gives you what you
asked for. But since AI converges to the
mean, you end up with the same marketing
strategy, the same voice in your content
as everyone else who asked AI the same
thing. And when your marketing or
content has the same ideas, same angles,
same language, same cadence as everyone
else, your business does not stand out
and instead it blends in which weakens
your brand and customers will just go to
somebody else who is different because
they're not using AI for this stuff. You
see, especially with brand in the world
of the internet, people buy because of
brand. There are thousands of other
businesses out there selling what you
sell and who are likely as good as you.
But what differentiates you is how you
view things, how you perceive the world,
your standards, your values, your way of
doing things. is the feelings you link
to your brand, your voice. And when you
outsource all of this to AI, you get
something generic and forgettable. And
yes, obviously you can train AI models
and give them good examples to base the
likes of your content on, but you cannot
get it to write in a way that's
different. It can only write in an AI
way. Even if you give it something you
wrote yourself and get it, you know,
write this piece of content based on
this other piece of content in the same
voice and cadence, it will not do it.
Okay? It is so bloody obvious when
someone writes with AI. You know, they
all you see is the no X, no Y, just Zed.
You know, it's it's a pile of crap. It's
the same cliché over and over again. And
this is happening because you're trying
to give a junior operator highlevel
tasks. Now, this doesn't mean AI isn't
worth using. Like, of course, it is.
I've built a ton of AI tools for my
clients, which are fantastic, if I do
say so myself. But this is only because
the purpose of the tool is something AI
can actually do well. For example,
[music]
one of them is an SOP builder, which is
fantastic. But the reason it is
fantastic is because it is the
organizing the information you give it.
It's not coming up with the information
itself. Like imagine trying to get an AI
to make an SOP for how you do a task in
your business without giving it any info
but the name of the task. It'll create
an SOP for you, but it'll be crap and
it'll not be relevant at all to how you
do things. But since the bot that I've
made is using information you give it,
[music] it does incredibly well, which
if you want that bot, I'll put a link in
the description below. You can use it.
You'll check it out and you'll see how
[__] good it is. But anyway, let me
show you how you can actually use AI to
grow your business and how to make the
most of it as it improves over the
coming years. So, let's start with how
you can use it right now. The best way
to think about this is that AI should
not be the originator of work. It should
be the amplifier of work. What I mean is
don't ask AI to come up with your
marketing strategy. You come up with
your marketing strategy, then get AI to
critique it, stress test it, and give
opportunities for improvement. or like
what I do with all my content is I write
it then I get AI to show me where I can
remove redundancies, repetition or make
things more clear. I don't get it to
write my content because look, I'm sure
you've noticed this. A ton of YouTubers
out there speak the exact [music] same
way, use the exact same transitions, the
exact same cadence, the exact same
examples. And that is because AI is
writing their bloody content. And I'm
not saying the ideas are coming from AI,
but I'm saying AI is writing the script.
And right now with how crap AI is for
this sort of task, [music]
we don't want to outsource your thinking
or your team's thinking to AI because if
let's say you have a marketing manager,
depending on your company, they might be
on 50k a year or $250,000 a year. Okay?
Well, AI is like a $20,000 per year
employee. [music] You would not give
someone who is on minimum wage, their
first job, whatever, the work of someone
on 50 grand a year. So, stop [__]
outsourcing everything to that. Okay?
Stop it. It is the reason your marketing
is [__] It's a reason your content
isn't performing. It's a reason you're
not standing out in any way. Instead,
use it for jobs that do not require
original thinking. So, anything you
would give, you know, a firsttime
employee, like a $20,000 per year
minimum wage employee, anything you
would give to that person, that is what
you give to AI right now. If it is
something that is, you know, just
following instructions [music] and that
you give to a junior employee, then
maybe give it to AI. And then what you
can also do is get AI to do the like
last 10% of everything for you. So the
edits, the analysis, [music]
don't get it to make things, get it to
improve things. Because look, AI can't
even really do full workflows [music]
yet. Yes, you know, like obviously
there's certain cases it can't. Like it
can do some customer support, it can
automate reporting. It can qualify
leads, [music] but for most businesses,
it can't do full workflows that are
actually important for the business. And
you might be arguing with me, but I can
guarantee you that the workflow you have
your AI doing is [__] [__] And
there's a very simple reason for that.
Most businesses are chaotic. And AI only
automates the chaos. Now, this is going
to change very fast over the next 1 to 5
years. AI is going to get much better at
handling entire workflows. So, let me
show you how you can make the most of it
in your business as it improves. And the
best thing you can do for maximizing how
impactful AI is in your business now or
in the future isn't to, you know, just
hear about the latest bot or agent and
go automate a random task because like I
said, if your business is chaotic, then
AI will just automate the chaos. It does
not [music] fix it. For example, if you
have a process for onboarding clients,
but it's not clear. It's sort of all
over the place, and nobody knows for
sure how it should be done, and it
slightly differs every single time you
do it, well, good luck automating that.
The best thing you can do to maximize
the effectiveness of any AI you use is
to first [music] systemize your
business. This way, it's incredibly
clear what your business does, what the
processes are, how those processes are
done, who owns the processes, what
workflows you follow, and the
performance of each process [music]
based on the data. And now you can
actually see what can and should be
automated. Because if you can't see
objectively how your business operates
and runs, then you can't know what
should be automated, what should be done
by a person or how to even automate it.
But if you have, you know, your entire
onboarding process mapped out, you can
see the exact steps your customer
follows and that your team has to do and
then it's clear, oh, okay, none of this
can be automated by AI right now. or you
know there's free steps that can be
automated with software these two by an
AI and then the rest needs done by John
this way you're actually removing the
chaos from your business an AI will then
benefit you rather than thinking AI is
some sort of magic button when it's not
AI is a tool like a hammer can be used
to hit you in the bloody head or can be
used to hang a picture on the wall the
effectiveness of that hammer depends on
how you use it is the exact same with AI
so systemize your business first so how
it runs is clear and streamlined Then
plug AI into the parts that AI can do
better or in a more efficient way than
your team without sacrificing quality.
But right now, remember, it is like a
junior hire, a first job sort of
employee. So be careful what you get it
to do. That is obviously going to change
very fast over the next few years. And
it's best to be prepared to use it in
the most efficient way possible. So if
you want to see how to systemize your
business step by step, click the video
on screen now and I'll show you how.